README.md, before:

react-hot-boilerplate
=====================

The minimal dev environment to enable live-editing React components.

### Usage

```
npm install
npm start
open http://localhost:3000
```

Now edit `scripts/App.js`.  
Your changes will appear without reloading the browser like in [this video](http://vimeo.com/100010922).

### Using `0.0.0.0` as Host

You may want to change the host in `server.js` and `webpack.config.js` from `localhost` to `0.0.0.0` to allow access from same WiFi network. This is not enabled by default because it is reported to cause problems on Windows. This may also be useful if you're using a VM.

### Missing Features

This boilerplate is purposefully simple to show the minimal configuration for React Hot Loader. For a real project, you'll want to add a separate config for production with hot reloading disabled and minification enabled. You'll also want to add a router, styles and maybe combine dev server with an existing server. This is out of scope of this boilerplate, but you may want to look into [other starter kits](https://github.com/gaearon/react-hot-loader/blob/master/docs/README.md#starter-kits).

### Dependencies

* React
* Webpack
* [webpack-dev-server](https://github.com/webpack/webpack-dev-server)
* [babel-loader](https://github.com/babel/babel-loader)
* [react-hot-loader](https://github.com/gaearon/react-hot-loader)

### Resources

* [Demo video](http://vimeo.com/100010922)
* [react-hot-loader on Github](https://github.com/gaearon/react-hot-loader)
* [Integrating JSX live reload into your workflow](http://gaearon.github.io/react-hot-loader/getstarted/)
* Ping dan_abramov on Twitter or #reactjs IRC

Commit message:

Transformed into react-hot-gulp-boilerplate
Moved source to src dir
Added webpack production configuration
Added gulpfile and basic tasks

README.md, after:

react-hot-gulp-boilerplate
=====================

Based on the [https://github.com/gaearon/react-hot-boilerplate](https://github.com/gaearon/react-hot-boilerplate).

The original boilerplate by Dan Abramov provides the minimal dev environment to enable live-editing React components. 
This boilerplate adds gulp for *build-for-production* use.

Currently work in progress.


## Usage

```
npm install
```

### Development

```
gulp serve
open http://localhost:3000
```

Now edit `src/scripts/App.js`.  
Your changes will appear without reloading the browser like in [this video @ Dan Abramov](http://vimeo.com/100010922).

### Production

```
gulp build
```

Now you find your production-ready applicaiton in *build* directory.

## Goal & To-Do

Keep it simple but practical for small apps.

* Adding SCSS/SASS dev & prod support
* Make webpack configurations more complex :)

## Resources

* [react-hot-boilerplate](https://github.com/gaearon/react-hot-boilerplate)
* [react-hot-loader on Github](https://github.com/gaearon/react-hot-loader)
